Nguyen duong (#110)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/1-JavaEclipse.md

## STEP 1: Remove any previous installations of Java that you have

> Uninstall any previous Java versions from your computer to avoid version conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Uninstall any previous Java versions from your computer to avoid version conflicts.*
```

1. Visiting your add and remove programs setting in windows (or applications on a mac)
2. Searching for any java programs
3. **Removing** any existing java installations.
4. Or you can check out these instruction.

## How to remove Java from your machine

  a. For **Window OS**:
  **Windows 10 and 11** - Uninstall Programs
    - Click **Start**
    - Select **Settings**
    - Select **System**
    - Select **Apps - Apps & features**
    - Select the program to uninstall and then click its Uninstall button.
    - Respond to the prompts to complete the uninstall

>   [Windows](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/uninstall_java.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you need help, here is
  [further documentation on uninstalling java on Windows](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/uninstall_java.html).
```

>   b. For **MacOS**
>     - Uninstall Oracle Java using the **Terminal**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ### MacOS
  
  You can uninstall Oracle Java via the ***Terminal***
```

    - Click on the **Finder** icon located in your dock
    - Click on the **Utilities** folder
    - Double-click on the **Terminal** icon
    - In the Terminal window Copy and Paste the commands below:

>     - **sudo rm -fr /Library/Internet\ Plug-Ins/JavaAppletPlugin.plugin**
>     - **sudo rm -fr /Library/PreferencePanes/JavaControlPanel.prefPane**
>     - **sudo rm -fr ~/Library/Application\ Support/Oracle/Java**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **`sudo rm -fr /Library/Internet\ Plug-Ins/JavaAppletPlugin.plugin`**
    - **`sudo rm -fr /Library/PreferencePanes/JavaControlPanel.prefPane`**
    - **`sudo rm -fr ~/Library/Application\ Support/Oracle/Java`**
```

>   [MacOS](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/mac_uninstall_java.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Further documentation on uninstalling Java on Mac](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/mac_uninstall_java.html)
```

1. Visiting your add and remove programs setting in windows (or applications on a mac)
2. Searching for any java programs
3. **Removing** any existing java installations.

> 4. Or you can check out these instruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Or you can check out these instructions.
```

### Windows OS (Windows 10/11)

> To Uninstall via Programs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall Java via Windows Settings:
```

> To uninstall Java via Windows Settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall Java via ***Window's Settings***:
```

> To uninstall Java via ***Window's Settings***:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall Java via *Window's Settings*:
```

> - Click **Start**
> - Select **Settings**
> - Select **System**
> - Select **Apps - Apps & features**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click ***Start***
- Select ***Settings***
- Select ***System***
- Select ***Apps - Apps & features***
```

- Select the program to uninstall and then click its Uninstall button.
- Respond to the prompts to complete the uninstall

If you need help, here is
[further documentation on uninstalling java on Windows](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/uninstall_java.html)
  
### MacOS
  

> You can uninstall Oracle Java via the ***Terminal***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall Java via Mac's ***Terminal***:
```

> To uninstall Java via Mac's ***Terminal***:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall Java via ***Mac's Terminal***:
```

> To uninstall Java via ***Mac's Terminal***:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall Java via *Mac's Terminal*:
```

> - Click on the **Finder** icon located in your dock
> - Click on the **Utilities** folder
> - Double-click on the **Terminal** icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click on the ***Finder*** icon located in your dock
- Click on the ***Utilities*** folder
- Double-click on the ***Terminal*** icon
```

1. Visiting your add and remove programs setting in windows (or applications on a mac)
2. Searching for any java programs
3. **Removing** any existing java installations.

> 4. Or you can check out these instruction.

Reviewer: please add a heading before your section called:

### How to remove Java from your machine

  a. For **Window OS**:
  **Windows 11** - Uninstall Programs
  Click **Start**
  Select **Settings**
  Select **System**
  Select **Apps - Apps & features**
  Select the program to uninstall and then click its Uninstall button.
  Respond to the prompts to complete the uninstall

  **Windows 10** - Uninstall Programs
  Click **Start**
  Select **Settings**
  Select **System**
  Select **Apps & features**
  Select the program to uninstall and then click its Uninstall button.

>   Respond to the prompts to complete the uninstall

Reviewer: Let's combine these two.
Also, please remove the instructions for Windows 8, 7, Vista & XP.

Also, please place a `- ` before each step

  **Windows 8** - Uninstall Programs
  From the **Start** screen, enter **Control Panel** in the **Search** box. Select the **Control Panel**.
  When the **Control Panel** appears, choose **Uninstall a Program** from the **Programs** category.
  Select the program to uninstall, and then right-click and select **Uninstall**.
  Click **Yes** to confirm the program uninstall.

  **Windows 7 and Vista** - Uninstall Programs
  Click Start
  Select Control Panel
  Select Programs
  Click Programs and Features
  Select the program you want to uninstall by clicking on it, then click the Uninstall button.
  You may need administrator privileges to remove programs.

  **Windows XP** - Uninstall Programs
  Click Start
  Select Control Panel
  Click the Add/Remove Programs control panel icon
 Select any that you want to uninstall by clicking on the list, then click the Remove button

>   [Windows](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/uninstall_java.html)

Reviewer: you'll remove all of these
